WRQ-5673: Added subtitle to a sample video player app (#219)
enactjs/samples: sandstone/pattern-video-player-custom/README.md

- `sandstone/Scroller`
- `sandstone/VideoPlayer`

The video data, including the URL, mime type, and subtitle are stored in [videos.js](src/App/videos.js). For `m3u8` videos, the mime type should be `application/x-mpegURL`.
To enable `m3u8` video playback, the application uses [hls.js](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js), which is imported in [App.js](src/App/App.js).
In [App.js](src/App/App.js), the application retrieves the video data from [videos.js](src/App/videos.js) and assigns the source and video element to the VideoPlayer based on the mime type.

In [App.js](src/App/App.js), the application handles WebVTT format(.vtt files) subtitles for display in VideoPlayer.

> Only WebVTT format (.vtt files) subtitles are supported, and other formats should be converted into WebVTT format.

Reviewer: Additionally, this application supports subtitles in the WebVTT format (.vtt files). These subtitles can be displayed in the VideoPlayer. Please note that only subtitles in the WebVTT format are supported.

Author: I rewrited the sentence about WebVTT format
and included the sentence from https://github.com/enactjs/samples/pull/218

Reviewer: Please make the exactly same MD as I suggested above

Author: I changed MD file following your suggestion.

> The video data, including the URL and mime type, are stored in [videos.js](src/App/videos.js). For `m3u8` videos, the mime type should be `application/x-mpegURL`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The video data, including the URL, mime type, and subtitle are stored in [videos.js](src/App/videos.js). For `m3u8` videos, the mime type should be `application/x-mpegURL`.

```

Author: I accepted your suggestion.

To enable `m3u8` video playback, the application uses [hls.js](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js), which is imported in [App.js](src/App/App.js).
In [App.js](src/App/App.js), the application retrieves the video data from [videos.js](src/App/videos.js) and assigns the source and video element to the VideoPlayer based on the mime type.

> Subtitle can also be assigned to video element by importing subtitle files in [videos.js](src/App/videos.js).
> WebVTT format (.vtt files) subtitles are supported only, and other formats should be converted into WebVTT format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

In [App.js](src/App/App.js), the application handles WebVTT format(.vtt files) subtitles for display in VideoPlayer.
Only WebVTT format (.vtt files) subtitles are supported, and other formats should be converted into WebVTT format.
```

Author: I accepted your suggestion.
